# Checklist before starting labs

> Source: https://learn.ibm.com/mod/page/view.php?id=114929

### Checklist before starting labs

The link to the Course Lab Kit should be visible once provisioning completes for your lab environment which takes a few minutes. If you do not see the link to the Course Lab Kit after provisioning completes, please refresh the page in your browser.Y​ou will need an IBM ID. If you do not already have one, you’ll need to create one (it’s free!) before logging in.

P​lease run though the checklist to make sure you're ready for the labs:

- By default, your access to these labs will be available for 15 days or a total of 80 hours (whichever comes first). We limit it to that timeline to control our server resources. If your lab access expires you will be provided with a new lab environment the next time you go into the labs. The Course Kit for this new environment will include new TSO credentials. Your work in the expired lab will be lost. To ask for an extension when you get close to the limit, please go to ServiceNow for Lab Support. Obtain the Course Code and Skytap Reference ID. The Course Code and Reference ID are shown at the top left corner of the lab access page (immediately above the link to the Course Lab Kit). Provide the information requested including TSO ID (if available) as well as a complete description of the problem. Extension requests are reviewed on an individual basis.

- Check to see Skytap is up and operational. You should see all green: https://status.skytap.com

- I​n rare instances company firewalls might block access to Skytap. Please check your connection for access and connectivity speeds: https://labs.edu.ihost.com/connectivity_test NOTE: The Skytap region is assigned based on the time zone of the requestor and will ONLY be one of the following: APAC-2 / EMEA / US-Central / AUS-Sydney

- M​ake sure you downloaded the Course Exercise Guide in the previous section and have that open to the first lab. Only do the lab numbers indicated within the course.

- B​e prepared to click on the 'Course Lab Kit' link when you launch Skytap in the next section. That will contain your server name, username, and password for the session. Refer to the course exercise guide for the screen saver password.

Remember that the Enter key in your PCOMM session is initially configured as the right CTRL key. Jeff describes how to change this mapping, if desired, in the System Familiarization video.

Y​ou're ready to go!

Last modified: Thursday, May 23, 2024, 6:10 AM
