# Course kit/ Exercises guide

> Source: https://learn.ibm.com/mod/page/view.php?id=119764

### Course kit/ Exercises guide

For support related to the lab environment, please go to ServiceNow for Lab Support. Obtain the Course Code and Reference ID (if available) from the Course Lab Kit. Provide the information requested including TSO ID (if available) as well as a complete description of the problem.

A​ttached is the lab guide necessary to complete the exercises in this course. Download it and save it away to somewhere within easy reach. Each exercise is numbered. Only do the exercise number outlined in the course.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Jeff mentions that you get your UserID and Password from the Course Kit. Here's how that actually looks. Once you log into SkyTap, you'll see this:

The Course Kit contains your logon credentials for the Skytap virtual machine. In addition, the Course Kit identifies your z/OS system and TSO credentials. Enter the PCOMM session for your z/OS system and logon to TSO using the credentials provided. Because we update our system, the SkyTap part of the course might look a little different, but follow the basic instructions, and you'll be on your way!

### 

You won’t see this until you go to “Exercise 1.”

Download the guide to the labs by clicking "Exercise guide":

#### Exercise guide

Continue to the next lesson by marking this one complete. You’ll go through a checklist, and then you’ll be ready to go!

Last modified: Thursday, October 31, 2024, 7:10 AM
